`_redirects` file support doc (#1275)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/websites-on-ipfs/redirects-file-support.md

---

> title: redirects file support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Redirects file support
```

Always use sentence case for titles.

description: What the _redirect file is and how to use them with a website on IPFS.
---

> # `_redirects` file support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Redirects file support
```

Try to keep formatting, like code blocks or bolding, out of titles. Also, use sentence case for titles.

> The `_redirects` file provides support for URL redirects and rewrites for websites hosted on Subdomain or DNSLink gateways. This feature enables support for single-page applications, progressive web applications, custom 404 pages, and avoids link rot when moving to IPFS-backed hosting. As well as the ability to change the appearance of a URL, change where content is located without breaking existing links, and enable URL rewriting.

Reviewer: > hosted on Subdomain

Should _Subdomain_ be lowercase here? Or is it the name of a project or something? If so, can we link to it?

> As well as the

Using this kind of opener only really works when you're continuing a sentence. But saying that, the previous sentence is already pretty long. Try using `On top of that,` instead.

This `_redirects` implementaion is a subset of pre-existing standards supported by [Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/redirects) and [Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/redirects/).

For more detailed information, check out the [`_redirects` file support specs](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/main/http-gateways/REDIRECTS_FILE.md).

# Supported HTTP status codes

* `200` - OK (redirect will be treated as a rewrite, returning OK without changing the URL shown in the browser).
* `301` - Permanent redirect (the default status).
* `302` - Found (commonly used for temporary redirects).
* `404` - Not found (can be used redirect to custom 404 pages).
* `410` - Gone (the requested content has been permanently removed).

> * `451` - Unavailable for legal reasons.

Reviewer: Use `-` for bullet points.

# How to set up the `_redirects` file

To use the `_redirects` file, there must be a file named `_redirects` stored underneath the root CID of the website. This `_redirects` file must be a text file containing one or more lines that follow the format explained below.

## Format of the `_redirects` file

Each line contained within the `_redirects` file has 3 basic components:

> 1. The `from` path, this specifies the path to be redirected from.
> 1. The `to` path, this specifies the path to be redirected to.
> 1. The `status` component, this part is optional and specifies the HTTP status code that will be returned. (301, 404, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `from` path. This specifies the path to be redirected from.
1. The `to` path. This specifies the path to be redirected to.
1. The `status` component. This part is optional and specifies the HTTP status code that will be returned. (301, 404, etc.)
```

Makes sense to create new sentences here.

> For example, if for whatever reason I wanted to temporarily redirect traffic from my home page to my index page, the `_redirects` file will contain a line that looks something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to temporarily redirect traffic from your home page to your index page, the `_redirects` file should contain a line that looks something like this:
```

Make the reader the subject of examples, not the writer.
